Rename cloud environment variables (#786)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/03 cloud/01 Creating and running a test/02 Cloud tests from the CLI.md

  },
};
export default function () {
  if (__ENV.K6_CLOUDRUN_DISTRIBUTION === 'ashburnDistribution') {
    // do something
  } else if (__ENV.K6_CLOUDRUN_DISTRIBUTION == 'dublinDistribution') {
    // do something
  }
}
```

</CodeGroup>

> #### ⚠️ Warning
> 
> Previously, these cloud environment variables had prefixed `LI_` (like `LI_LOAD_ZONE`). These names are deprecated and will be removed in future versions of the k6 cloud.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Blockquote mod="Attention" title="The LI_ prefix is deprecated">

Previously, cloud environment variables were prefixed with `LI_` (for example, `LI_LOAD_ZONE`).
These names are deprecated and will be removed in future versions of k6 Cloud.

</Blockquote>
```

  },
};
export default function () {
  if (__ENV.K6_CLOUDRUN_DISTRIBUTION === 'ashburnDistribution') {
    // do something
  } else if (__ENV.K6_CLOUDRUN_DISTRIBUTION == 'dublinDistribution') {
    // do something
  }
}
```

</CodeGroup>

<Blockquote mod="Attention" title="The LI_ prefix is deprecated">

Previously, cloud environment variables were prefixed with `LI_` (for example, `LI_LOAD_ZONE`).

> These names are deprecated and will be removed in future versions of k6 Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These names are deprecated and may be removed in future versions of k6 Cloud.
```

Not sure if we ever want to remove them :thinking: They are not really in the way of anything, so I doubt we will.
